Create FLIP for Cadence Style Guide (#1006)
onflow/flow: flips/20220614-cadence-style-guide.md

# Cadence Style Guide

| Status        | (Proposed)       |
:-------------- |:---------------------------------------------------- |
| **FLIP #**    | [NNN](https://github.com/onflow/flow/pull/NNN) (update when you have PR #)|
| **Author** | Álvaro Lillo Igualada (alvaro.lillo@dapperlabs.com) |
| **Sponsor**   | Josh Hannan (josh.hannan@dapperlabs.com)             |
| **Updated**   | 2022-06-23                                           | 

## Objective

To provide developers with better guidelines for how to write clean cadence code.

## Motivation

As the Cadence developer base extends, we need to unificate the coding style to make all Cadence code easy to read and save developers time writing it.

## User Benefit

> Having unified rules when writting Cadence code will help Cadence learners understanding code and all kind of Cadence based projects not wasting time deciding how to present their code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having unified standards when writting Cadence code will help Cadence learners understand code better. All kinds of Cadence-based projects will be able to avoid wasting time deciding how to present their code.
```

## Design Proposal

There are several points we need to address for defining the Cadence Style Guide:

1. [Line length]
1. [Comments]
1. [Identation]
1. [Whitespace between code lines]
1. [Declaring variables and constants
1. [Bracket spaces]
1. [Panic messages]
1. [Naming and capitalization]

### Drawbacks

Having a defined set of style rules when writting Cadende code should not have any comebacks, as long as we agree on a sufficient wide set of rules and they are flexible enought to cover most cases.

### Engineering Impact

When the style guide is defined, we should update all existing Cadence code to fullfil the agreed patterns.

### Best Practices

The resulting document should become a part of the Flow Team best practices.

### Tutorials and Examples

The style guide will include code snippets showing how each point of the guide will look in real code.

### User Impact

> It will not be compulsory, but highly recomended for Cadence developers to update their existing projects to satisfy the acorded guidelines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will not be compulsory, but highly reccomended for Cadence developers to update their existing projects to satisfy the guidelines. 
```
